Website

proofreading/copyediting
-- spell checks
-- grammar

check all links -- broken down by page
check all images
verify correct navigation
verity correct widgets per page
load speed
-- by page

Github
-- verify all relevant files
-- check for copyright issues
-- make sure all local directories are synced

Content
everyone reads everyone elses project
consultants read all projects

Validation Testing
Check that all of your web pages contain valid XHTML markup by running them through the W3C Markup Validation Service. Correct any errors and take any warnings under consideration.
Make sure that all style and display elements are removed from HTML pages and contained within CSS.
Follow hyperlinks to make sure that they are not broken and that they lead to the desired result.
Verify that all internal hyperlinks are relative and not absolute.
Make sure that you have no orphan or dead-end web pages so that users always have a clear navigation path through your site.
Check text for spelling and grammar errors and for any inaccurate or out-of-date information.
Browser and Device Testing
Test the website's appearance and functionality on multiple browsers, including, at a minimum, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome and Safari, and on multiple versions of those browsers.
Test the website with a variety of displays and screen resolutions, using a variety of devices (including desktops, laptops, tablets and smartphones) and on a variety of operating systems (including Windows, Mac, Linux, Android and iOS).
Input Testing
Verify that all "optional" or "required" fields are behaving as desired.
Verify that alphanumeric fields can properly handle a wide range of correct and incorrect data, including empty data, invalid symbols and characters, and numbers that are negative or out of range.
Verify that date fields accept proper input, that leap years are properly handled and that any discrepancies between the Gregorian and Julian calendars (if relevant) are correctly resolved.
Make sure that extremely long or precise inputs are handled and saved correctly, down to the desired level of accuracy.
Performance and Bug Testing
Check that data is being saved and retrieved correctly when provided by the user.
Verify that the website behaves correctly when the user deletes their cookies during or after their visit.
Check that web pages are loading and data is retrieved quickly enough, and stress test the website's performance during moderate, heavy and peak demand times.
Make sure that the website is not susceptible to attacks such as SQL injections or brute force attacks, and test the website under a simulated denial-of-service attack.
Make sure that sensitive data, cookies and passwords are encrypted properly, and use the HTTPS protocol on pages with sensitive information.
Accessibility Testing
Verify that all website images are visible and are the appropriate dimensions and resolutions.
Check that alternatives to audio and visual content, if appropriate, are available for users with hearing or sight issues.
Make sure that your color choices provide enough contrast between different page elements in order to follow good design practices and assist users with sight difficulties or colorblind users.
